Then I beg you, let me go,
I know I'm wrong first, and I just do it.
Put it on, then I, I'll give you Weixiao, okay?
Just let me go, let me go.
You will take my and Xiao Chen's hands,
Why haven't you ever thought about why you were so decisive in the first place?
Then I don't. It's useless what you say now,
I've given up. That's good,
Will you die with me in a while?
Ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
I saw the wrong light
You hate me to death, right? Mr. Jing
I didn't mean to hurt you with me
I want him
But I am natural
you want him to die
Don't want to die alive?
Eat first, don't be fooled
Among them, there is always news about your company’s death.
Did I do it on purpose?
injured with you
chance for me
I send you military will
This is a public crime, so get out of here, right?
What a braggadocio.
What do you mean?
What's the meaning
Do you know if you just ask about the outcome?